As a couple in our early thirties, we recently visited Bali and had the most amazing time! We stayed in Seminyak and found it to be the perfect location for our trip. It was close to the beach, had plenty of restaurants and shops, and was a great base for exploring the rest of the island.

One of our favorite things to do in Bali was to explore the local markets. We visited the Ubud Market and the Sukawati Art Market, and we were blown away by the variety of goods on offer. From handmade crafts and clothing to fresh produce and spices, there was something for everyone. We loved haggling with the vendors and walking away with some unique souvenirs to remember our trip by.

Another must-visit attraction in Bali is the Tegalalang Rice Terrace. This stunning rice field is located in the north of Ubud and offers breathtaking views of the surrounding countryside. We recommend renting a scooter and driving up there early in the morning to avoid the crowds and enjoy the peaceful atmosphere. It's the perfect place to take some photos and soak up the beauty of the island.

If you're looking for a romantic activity to do with your partner, we highly recommend taking a sunset dinner cruise. We booked a cruise with Bali Hai Cruises and had an amazing time. The boat was beautiful, the food was delicious, and the views of the sunset over the ocean were absolutely stunning. It was the perfect way to end a day of exploring and relax with a glass of wine in hand.

Finally, we recommend visiting the Tirta Empul Temple. This temple is famous for its holy spring water, which is believed to have healing properties. We found it to be a peaceful and spiritual place, and we loved watching the locals perform their purification rituals in the water. It's a great place to learn about Balinese culture and history, and it's definitely worth a visit.

Overall, we had an incredible time in Bali and would highly recommend it to any couple looking for a romantic and adventurous getaway. There's so much to see and do on the island, and we can't wait to go back and explore more!