I'm a 65-year-old retiree who recently visited Cancun with my husband, and we had a fantastic time! Here are some of our favorite attractions and activities that we would recommend to other seniors:

First, we visited the Chichen Itza Mayan ruins, which were absolutely breathtaking. The site is massive, and we spent hours exploring the different temples, pyramids, and ball courts. Our tour guide was very knowledgeable and provided us with a lot of interesting information about the history and culture of the Mayan people. We also climbed to the top of the main pyramid, which was a bit challenging but worth it for the amazing views.

Next, we went on a snorkeling tour of the nearby coral reefs. The water was crystal clear, and we saw a variety of colorful fish and other marine life. Our tour guide was very patient and helped us get comfortable with the snorkeling equipment, and we felt safe and well-cared for the entire time. We also had the opportunity to swim with some friendly sea turtles, which was a highlight of the trip.

We also visited the Tulum Mayan ruins, which are located right on the beach. The views were stunning, and we enjoyed walking around the site and taking in the history and culture of the area. We also spent some time relaxing on the beach, which was very peaceful and quiet.

In addition to the historical sites, we also enjoyed some of the more modern attractions in Cancun. We went to the Coco Bongo nightclub, which was a lot of fun. The show was very entertaining, with acrobatics, music, and dancing. We also visited the La Isla Shopping Village, which had a variety of shops and restaurants. We enjoyed browsing the stores and trying some of the local cuisine.

Finally, we spent a day at the Xcaret Eco Park, which was a highlight of our trip. The park has a variety of activities, including swimming in underground rivers, visiting a butterfly pavilion, and watching a traditional Mexican dance show. We also had the opportunity to swim with dolphins, which was an unforgettable experience.

Overall, we had a great time in Cancun and would highly recommend it to other seniors. There are plenty of activities and attractions to keep you busy, and the people are friendly and welcoming. We can't wait to go back!