Hi, my name is Sarah and I am 35 years old. I recently visited Dubai with my family and I wanted to share my experience with you all. Dubai is a city that never sleeps and has something for everyone. Here are some of the popular tourist attractions and fun things to do in Dubai for families:

1. Dubai Mall: The Dubai Mall is one of the largest malls in the world and a must-visit for any family visiting Dubai. It has over 1,200 stores, an indoor theme park, an ice rink, and an aquarium. My kids loved the indoor theme park, which has rides and games for all ages. We also spent some time at the aquarium, where we saw sharks, stingrays, and other marine life.

2. Dubai Fountain: The Dubai Fountain is located outside the Dubai Mall and is a must-see attraction. It is the world's largest choreographed fountain system and puts on a show every 30 minutes. The fountain show is set to music and is a spectacular sight to see. We enjoyed watching the fountain show while having dinner at one of the many restaurants overlooking the fountain.

3. Burj Khalifa: The Burj Khalifa is the tallest building in the world and offers breathtaking views of Dubai. We took the elevator to the 124th floor and enjoyed the panoramic views of the city. The view was even more stunning at night when the city was lit up. We also watched the sunset from the observation deck, which was a magical experience.

4. Dubai Marina: The Dubai Marina is a man-made canal city that is home to some of the tallest buildings in the world. We took a stroll along the marina and enjoyed the beautiful views of the water and the city skyline. We also took a ride on the Dubai Marina Ferris Wheel, which offered panoramic views of the marina.

5. Desert Safari: The desert safari is a must-do activity for any family visiting Dubai. We went on a sunset safari and enjoyed a thrilling dune bashing ride, camel riding, sandboarding, and a traditional Arabic barbecue dinner. The highlight of the safari was the belly dancing and tanoura show, which was a lot of fun.

Overall, we had a fantastic time in Dubai and would highly recommend it to any family looking for a fun and exciting vacation. There is so much to see and do in Dubai that we didn't have enough time to do everything. We can't wait to go back and explore more of this amazing city.