Hi! I'm Sarah, a 35-year-old mother of two, and I recently took my family on a trip to London. We had an amazing time exploring the city and discovering all the fun things it has to offer for families. Here are some of our favorite attractions and activities:

First on our list was the London Eye, a massive Ferris wheel on the South Bank of the River Thames. The views from the top were breathtaking, and we could see all of London's iconic landmarks, including Big Ben, the Houses of Parliament, and Buckingham Palace. It was a great way to get our bearings and get a sense of the city's layout.

Next, we visited the Tower of London, a historic castle that has served as a royal palace, a prison, and a place of execution. Our kids loved seeing the Crown Jewels and learning about the tower's fascinating history. We also took a tour with one of the Yeoman Warders, also known as Beefeaters, who shared some of the tower's most famous stories and legends.

Another highlight of our trip was a visit to the British Museum, which houses an incredible collection of artifacts from around the world. Our kids were particularly interested in the Egyptian mummies and the Rosetta Stone, but there was so much to see that we could have spent days exploring the museum.

We also spent a day at Hyde Park, one of London's largest parks. We rented bikes and rode around the park, stopping to feed the ducks and take a break at one of the many cafes and restaurants. The park also has a number of playgrounds and sports facilities, making it a great place for families to spend a day outdoors.

Finally, we took a day trip to Windsor Castle, the largest and oldest occupied castle in the world. Our kids were fascinated by the castle's rich history and the fact that it's still a working royal palace. We took a tour of the state apartments, which were decorated with beautiful paintings, tapestries, and furniture, and visited St. George's Chapel, where Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were married.

Overall, we had an amazing time in London and would highly recommend it as a family-friendly destination. There's so much to see and do, and we can't wait to go back and explore more of this incredible city.