As a couple in our mid-thirties, we recently visited New York City and had an amazing time. We wanted to share some of our favorite attractions and activities that we think other couples would enjoy.

One of our top recommendations is the High Line. This elevated park is built on a former railway line and offers stunning views of the city skyline. It's the perfect place to take a leisurely stroll and enjoy some fresh air. Along the way, you'll find plenty of art installations, gardens, and seating areas to relax in. We loved walking along the High Line and taking in the sights and sounds of the city.

Another must-visit attraction is the Empire State Building. The views from the top are breathtaking, and it's a great way to get a bird's eye view of the city. We recommend going at sunset to see the city lights come alive. The lines can be long, but it's worth it for the experience.

If you're looking for a more laid-back activity, we suggest taking a boat ride around Manhattan. There are several companies that offer tours, and it's a great way to see the city from a different perspective. We chose a company that offered a guided tour with commentary on the history and landmarks of the city. It was a relaxing and informative way to spend an afternoon.

For a more cultural experience, we recommend visiting the Metropolitan Museum of Art. This museum is massive and has an incredible collection of art from around the world. We spent hours wandering through the galleries and admiring the artwork. It's a great place to escape the hustle and bustle of the city and immerse yourself in art and history.

Finally, we suggest taking a walk through Central Park. This iconic park is a must-visit for any couple visiting New York City. There are plenty of walking trails, gardens, and lakes to explore. We loved renting a rowboat and spending an afternoon on the lake. It was a peaceful and romantic way to spend some time together.

Overall, we had an incredible time in New York City and would highly recommend it for couples looking for a fun and romantic getaway. There's something for everyone in this vibrant city, and we can't wait to go back and explore more.