As a couple in our early 30s, we recently had the pleasure of visiting New York City for the first time. We were excited to explore all that the city had to offer and were not disappointed! Here are some of our favorite attractions and activities that we would highly recommend for couples visiting the Big Apple.

One of our favorite attractions was the Empire State Building. We visited at night and were blown away by the stunning views of the city skyline. The observation deck on the 86th floor was particularly impressive, offering a 360-degree view of the city. We also enjoyed the interactive exhibits on the way up to the top, which provided interesting facts and history about the building.

Another must-visit attraction for couples is Central Park. We spent an entire day exploring the park and loved every minute of it. We rented bikes and rode around the park, stopping to take in the beautiful scenery and visit some of the famous landmarks, such as the Bethesda Fountain and the Central Park Zoo. We also enjoyed a picnic lunch in the park and took a romantic stroll along the lake.

For a unique and romantic experience, we recommend taking a sunset cruise around the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island. The views of the city skyline and the Statue of Liberty were breathtaking, and we loved sipping champagne and watching the sunset together. The cruise also provided an interesting history of the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island, which was fascinating to learn about.

Finally, we highly recommend visiting the Top of the Rock observation deck at Rockefeller Center. The views of the city were just as impressive as the Empire State Building, but we enjoyed the layout of the observation deck more. There were multiple levels to explore, and we loved the outdoor terraces that offered a different perspective of the city.

Overall, we had an amazing time in New York City and would highly recommend it for couples looking for a romantic getaway. There is so much to see and do in the city that it's impossible to get bored, and we can't wait to go back and explore more!