As a couple in our early thirties, we recently visited Paris and had an amazing time. We've put together a list of our top five favorite attractions and activities that we think other couples would enjoy.

First on our list is the Eiffel Tower. It's a must-see attraction for any couple visiting Paris. We recommend going up to the top for breathtaking views of the city. The lines can be long, so we suggest buying tickets in advance or going early in the morning to avoid the crowds. We also enjoyed walking around the base of the tower and taking in the beautiful architecture.

Next, we recommend visiting the Louvre Museum. It's one of the largest and most famous art museums in the world, and it's home to some of the most iconic works of art, including the Mona Lisa. We spent hours wandering through the galleries and admiring the incredible artwork. We also recommend taking a break in the museum's beautiful gardens, which are a great place to relax and people-watch.

Another must-see attraction is Notre Dame Cathedral. The cathedral is an iconic landmark in Paris, and it's known for its stunning Gothic architecture. We recommend taking a guided tour to learn more about the history and significance of the cathedral. We also enjoyed walking around the nearby Latin Quarter, which is known for its narrow streets, quaint cafes, and lively atmosphere.

For a more romantic experience, we recommend taking a boat tour along the Seine River. It's a great way to see some of the city's most famous landmarks, including the Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame Cathedral, and the Louvre Museum. We recommend going at night when the city is lit up and the atmosphere is magical. We also enjoyed stopping at one of the many cafes along the river for a glass of wine and some people-watching.

Finally, we recommend visiting Montmartre, a charming neighborhood in the north of Paris. It's known for its bohemian atmosphere, stunning views of the city, and beautiful architecture. We recommend taking a stroll through the neighborhood, visiting the Sacre Coeur Basilica, and checking out the local art scene. We also enjoyed having a drink at one of the many cafes and watching the world go by.

Overall, we had an amazing time in Paris and would highly recommend it to other couples. There's so much to see and do, and we can't wait to go back and explore more of this beautiful city.