As a 30-year-old traveling with my two dogs, I have been to many places, but Queenstown, New Zealand, is by far the most pet-friendly place I have been. I will share my experience and some of the popular tourist attractions and fun things to do in Queenstown for traveling with pets.

One of the most popular tourist attractions in Queenstown is the Queenstown Gardens. This beautiful park is located in the heart of the city and is a great place to take your pets for a walk. The park has a large off-leash area where your pets can run and play, and there are plenty of benches and picnic tables where you can sit and enjoy the scenery. The park also has a beautiful lake where you can take your pets for a swim, and there are plenty of ducks and other birds that your pets can chase.

Another popular tourist attraction in Queenstown is the Queenstown Hill Walkway. This scenic walk takes you up to the top of Queenstown Hill, where you can enjoy panoramic views of the city and the surrounding mountains. The walk is not too difficult, and there are plenty of places to stop and rest along the way. Your pets are welcome to join you on the walk, but they must be kept on a leash at all times.

If you are looking for something a little more adventurous, you can take your pets on a jet boat ride on the Shotover River. There are several companies that offer jet boat rides, and most of them are pet-friendly. Your pets will love the thrill of the ride, and you will get to see some of the most beautiful scenery in Queenstown.

If you are looking for something a little more relaxing, you can take your pets to the beach at Frankton Arm. This beautiful beach is located just a short drive from the city center and is a great place to take your pets for a swim. The beach is also a popular spot for fishing, and there are plenty of picnic tables where you can enjoy a meal with your pets.

Overall, I highly recommend Queenstown as a pet-friendly destination. There are plenty of things to do and see, and your pets are welcome almost everywhere. Just be sure to keep your pets on a leash and clean up after them, and you will have a great time in Queenstown.